fast and furious presents Hobbs and
Shahs wrecking its way into theaters
soon but who are Hobbs and Shaw and how
do you start untangling the wacky
chronology of Fast and Furious and what
does presents me okay
I guess we know that but for everything
else we're about to hit the nos and cram
almost two decades of fast and furious
into your brain so let's do this BAM the
very first Fast & Furious movie titled
The Fast and the Furious opens with a
heist on a truck carrying Chrysler's DVD
players and TV VCR combos and you know
even in 2001 they probably could have
come up with something a little bit
better than that the same team has been
pulling off a string of high-speed
robberies and their cards are always
modified for street racing so the FBI
and police send a cop named Brian
O'Conner undercover to infiltrate the LA
underground street racing scene because
they too have seen and enjoyed 1991's
Point Break you want that Detective
badge fast kid and you want to know
something the FBI can help Brian poses
as a new guy working at a
high-performance auto parts shop and
starts hanging around a grocery store
owned by the main figurehead and the
racing scene Dominic Toretto
every day Brian's also flirting with Mia
Toretto Dom's sister who runs the lunch
counter Dom who's generally anti Mia
flirting
don't come around here again also has a
crew with him at all times who won't
matter after this movie except for his
girlfriend the very fast and also quite
furious Letty Ortiz and the angry
meathead vents who dislikes Brian right
from the start
Brian gets to know more people on the
street racing scene like ja Rule I mean
Edwin and Hector and believe it or not
Hector is the one you should remember
because despite performing the first
movies theme song ja Rule never again
returns to the franchise he had much
more lucrative and successful music
festivals to plan I'm sure anyway Brian
over does it on the nitrous or nas and
loses his car to Dom in a big street
race he also comes off looking like a
real doofus you've never had you never
had your car
but he earns Dom's respect by picking
him up and driving him to safety when
the cops raid the race Brian gets
invited into Dom's inner circle you're
not working Harry's you work in here
learning all the important information
there is to know about dominic toretto
like his favorite beer who can have any
brew you won and his prized possession
his dad's 1970 Dodge Charger r/t in my
dad filter yep that's about it I live my
life a quarter mile at a time yeah sure
whatever you say Brian also hooks up
with Mia which is definitely the sort of
thing police officers working a case are
supposed to do at first Brian thinks it
might be a gang from Chinatown run by a
guy named Johnny Tran doing all the
heists but it's dumb it's always dumb
even though they're down a guy Dom's
crew decides to pull one big last score
Oh awesome plan those always go so well
after this it's a long vacation for
everyone let's go Brian sensing Dom's
time is running out tells me a his big
secret know not how his hair gets that
natural shine the undercover cop thing
and he convinces her to help him find
Dom before it's too late
my 114 outside challenge we just say
Coachella but whatever anyway shockingly
in an unprecedented first daams last big
score before retirement to a sunny beach
in Mexico doesn't go great Letty gets
into a big crash but she's okay and Paul
Walker and his stunt double show up just
in time to save the day Brian reveals to
everyone that he's an undercover cop
this is officer Brian O'Conner I'm
off-duty LAPD but just as he does Johnny
Tran and his henchman Lance Lance open
fire so Brian and Dom set aside their
differences and team up to kill Johnny
and Lance because nothing will bring one
time rivals together quite like
committing murders at high speeds
again ace police work here on Brian's
part at first it seems like Brian is
gonna chase down and arrest Dom but
ultimately with more cops closing in
Brian turns over his car and lets his
new friend get away I owe you a
10-second car and that final bit of
protection and service is the last we'll
likely ever hear of Ryan O'Conner and
Dominic Toretto yep I suspect they fade
from here into the sunset
just as original director Rob Cohen
surely imagine I certainly can't what's
that
oh there's more oh there's lots more to
fast to furious hit theaters in 2003 and
changed the way we make fun of sequel
titles forever after letting Dom escape
Brian is now on the run from the law and
settled in Miami where he's a no risk of
seeing any former co-stars who refused
to come back for the sequel you want to
race tonight yeah you know I could use
money there he's befriended brilliant
entrepreneur tej Parker who organizes
and manages the city's underground
street racing habit but right after
Brian clinches a major victory in a big
race he's captured and arrested by u.s.
customs agent Markham Markham is teamed
with everyone's favorite character from
the first movie FBI agent bilkins it
seems a maniacal local drug dealer
Carter Verone is looking for new drivers
the first team back here with the
package will have an opportunity to work
for me and the feds want Brian to once
more go undercover and help bring Varon
down Brian agrees but only if they'll
let him bring in his old childhood
friend Roman Pearce who's currently on
probation and working at a demolition
derby in Barstow California Romans still
anger with Brian for becoming a cop
which he sees as a personal betrayal big
but he gets over it and agrees to help
in order to clear his record another
undercover agent Monica Fuentes who's
working as verone's personal assistant
also helps them out because in 2003 Ava
Mendez was featured by law in every
movie look it up Thrones looking for
drivers I've arranged for both of you to
join up Brian and Roman proved their
skills to Verone and beat out a couple
of schmoes including this guy Korpi for
the big assignment wedging them cause if
out of a cereal box which will be
transporting Oliver owns hidden money to
a yacht that will safely take it out of
the country Brian brings tej in to help
with the preparations man Tejas garage
is ridiculous he's got the best
everything which leads to tej and Roman
meeting for the first time a historic
moment in fast and furious history also
Brian and Roman settle their differences
I said forget about her oh isn't that
night there cuz again soon enough the
big day arrives verone's men load up
Brian and Romans cars with the cash and
they lead the local cops on a chase
across Miami the drivers man
thanks bro with help from tej and his
pal Suki they use basically every street
racer in the city as a decoy and make it
to the keys unscathed but Verone has
figured out that Monika is an undercover
agent and changes up the plan at the
last second so Bryan naturally decides
to jump his car onto verone's escaping
boat to save the day Barone is arrested
and the film ends with Roman and Brian
celebrating their newly spotless
criminal records you've held up your end
the records are clean by stealing some
of her Owens cash well these two they
are incorrigible
wait hungry no Boies breath next up is
2009's fast and furious and I know
please before you leave an angry common
and up boat eight other angry comments I
know that the next movie in this
franchise to get theatrically released
was Tokyo Drift in 2006 but we're going
through this narrative chronologically
and those events don't happen until much
much later let's keep this thing nice
and orderly okay and do the third /
fourth movie in the Fast & Furious
franchise which dropped the buzz to just
become Fast and Furious okay so we open
in the Dominican Republic where much
like Miami in Los Angeles there are many
many buts
Dom's got a new crew together and
they're hijacking fuel tankers Letty's
there of course Plus constantly
bickering locals Tago and Rico and a
swab Korean guy named Han whose story is
just beginning right here and now with
his friend Kara
I thought we'd be robbing banks by now
the big heist gets a little messy but
they just barely get away with it it's
on and we just sent up a flare that's
gonna be to my to us still Han and Dom
decide now that the Heat's on that it
would be best for the crew to go their
separate ways
time for you to go do
or they're doing some crazy [ __ ] in
Tokyo what no Han we just went through
this you're staying right here for
several more movies I'm not explaining
this again dumb afraid he'll leave the
authorities to Letty slips out in the
middle of the night but don't worry he
left her money and his trademark silver
cross Dom resettles in Panama City Letty
returns to Los Angeles where she meets
up with Brian O'Conner who's back to
being a cop full-time following his
Miami adventure in an effort to clear
Dom's name so he can return with her to
the US Letty agrees to go undercover and
infiltrate the drug cartel of the very
evil and mysterious Arturo Braga this
guy is becoming one of our biggest
national threats and we don't even have
a picture of them unfortunately this
gets her killed I mean as far as we know
stop jumping ahead Dom comes back to
town for the funeral and to investigate
Letty's murder using this new slash
automotive spidey sense power that I'm
going to call Toretto vision both Brian
and Dom's investigations lead them to a
guy named David Park who recruits
drivers for Braga organization just one
costume rocket all right the winner of
this race you see will get a job with
Braga
let me guess when it gets the slide is
it me or are these cartel guys spending
way too much time and energy on
elaborate new driver recruitment scheme
so the high speed race is on through la
traffic which may be the most ridiculous
element of this entire movie this random
guy definitely dies and Dom wins by
clipping Brian and causing him to spin
out at the last second
raagas right-hand guy compost hires dog
work lebra Ghana and he gets
aggressively hit on by another one of
frogs employees Wonder Woman
going here by the name Gisele cellphone
on me Brian pins a fake charge on
another one of Braga SH drivers that's
never gonna stick right that's not
supposed to so he also gets hired Dom
does a little digging and discovers the
car that killed Letty belongs to another
one of Braga slugs Phoenix something
interests you about this car then it's
time for their first big assignment
driving a shipment of heroin across the
us-mexico border there are blind spots
that I can guide you through via
satellite come on guys that's not gonna
work there's that big wall on the book
Oh tunnels yeah they just use tunnels
after getting the heroin into the u.s.
Dom confronts Phoenix and a gun fight
breaks out so the new plymouth he gets
away by using nitrous tanks to turn his
car into a bomb DOM and Brian flee the
scene in a Hummer loaded with Braga
heroin and the feds want to call it a
day bring in the shipment and bring in
Toretto but instead DOM and Brian used
the stolen heroin as bait to get Braga
to come out into the open six million
cash delivered by Prager himself at the
exchange the guys get presented with a
fake Braga it turns out compost the
assistant was the real Braga all along
he totally raza cooled them the old fake
assistant bit composts less Braga gets
away and almost runs over Giselle but
Dom leaps to her rescue just in time
Brian's once again in trouble with his
superiors for constantly breaking the
law he's supposed to be enforcing as of
now you're being taken up active duty to
this house come out a formal inquiry so
Brian and Dom decide what the hell
they'll go to Mexico and take care of
Braga themselves I'm going with you
this also gives Brian a chance to make
things right with Mia which turns out to
be not very difficult at all
Gisele still hot for DOM hooks the guys
up with directions and they apprehend
Braga while he's praying in a small
Church see he's not such a bad guy he's
a church
Braga gives him the old we're not so
different you and I bet you and me and
then they're off on a race to get him
back across the border in the US to
stand trial using the same underground
tunnels they used to make the heroine
run see this is efficient storytelling
after a messy crash landing Phoenix gets
the drop on Brian but just then Dom
smashes through the mountain and
directly into him right before
delivering his classic Dominic Toretto
catchphrase course we'll work on that
anyway Braga is arrested and Dom even
agrees to stick around and face the
legal consequences of his former
lifestyle but after he's sentenced Brian
Mia tego and Rico show up to help him
escape anyway so he is running anymore I
mean it's nice it just seems like the
exact opposite of Dom stated wishes
that's all Fast Five marks the series
transition from racing themed action
movies - epic globe-trotting
superhero heist film so naturally it
opens with a heist Brian and Mia
springing Dom from his prison bus
according to perd hapley all three of
them are now wanted fugitives so they
take off for Rio de Janeiro Brazil Dom's
old friend Vince's down there remember
him the meathead from the first movie
who didn't like Brian well he still
doesn't Buster he's got a wife now Rosa
who figures out right away that Mia is
pregnant with Brian's baby but before
she can share the good news there is a
job to be done a couple of high-end cars
easy targets
this job involves pulling cars that have
been seized by the DEA off of a speeding
train and then driving them to safety
the team pulling the heist including
their leader ZZ is looking for one car
specifically a Ford gt40 and he does not
like it when Dom puts his sister in it
the whole job goes very bad and DOM and
Brian escape only through some very
quick thinking fast driving and physics
ignoring it turns out the job is
organized by ruthless local drug lord
Hernan Reyes a powerful figure in Rio
and the Oh
the hijacked cars you two started up
going to be the trouble today but he
didn't really care about the Ford he
needed a computer chip that was stored
inside containing all sorts of valuable
information about his drug business
and now that Brian DOM and Mia have it
Reyes will stop at nothing to get it
back
meanwhile the US government brings in a
particularly relentless dedicated member
of the Diplomatic Security Service to
track down and capture American
fugitives in Rio and bring them to
justice that's right a pre Shah Luke
Hobbs we find them we take them as a
team and we bring them back and above
all else we don't ever ever let them get
into cars
I can smell what this guy's cooking
that's a guy the translator Hobbs hires
a local Rio patrol officer named Elena
nevus Reyes had her husband killed so
she's ready for a fight the motivated
plus-up figure the only one in Rio can't
be bought am i right
yes everyone converges at once on the
cruise hideout in one of Rio's favelas
leading to an epic chase and shootout
Dom risks himself to save Elena which
makes her start to question her loyalty
that guy just has a way with cops what
can I say later she finds his silver
cross the symbol of his relationship
with Letty and keeps it Brian me and Dom
just barely get away and Mia tells Brian
that she's got a little valve in the
camshaft they decide not to run but to
use the information they have on Reyes
to steal all of his money which means
bringing in a crew of familiar faces
from past movies there's Han from the
Dominican Republic and only the
Dominican Republic plus Brian's pal
Roman from Barstow tej from Miami he
used his time away to apparently get a
lot better at both driving and computers
Gisele who until recently was working
for a different brutal drug dealer but
hey a jobs a job I guess you called me
to come to Rio I assumed it would be for
something more exciting
oh and bickering pals take oh and Rico
also come down I mean how can I forget
about them the plan is to rob one of
rays discount houses so that he'll
consolidate all of his money somewhere
safe
it works those cousins dojin
left out only the place he moves the
cash is to a very secure vault 10 tons
of top-of-the-line security down at
police headquarters this job just got a
lot harder then there's a lot of prep
for the heist that you don't really need
to know about all that really matters is
that Han and Gisele fall for one another
and DOM and Hobbes begin developing a
begrudging mutual respect so you know
the exact opposite of what actually
happened on set with these two I'll see
you soon Toretto dawn breaks into
Elena's apartment to get his cross back
and she becomes convinced deep down that
he's a really good guy people here need
a new start they need to be free the
night before the big job everyone shares
what they're planning to do with their
earnings actually man I been thinking
about opening up a garage back home
place where people can bring their cars
and not get completely ripped off I mean
wait tej back in Miami you already had a
garage it was called Ted's garage it was
really nice man Tejas garage is
ridiculous he's got the best everything
anyway a good time was had by all
until Hobbs and his team break up the
party just murder boob mister everyone's
taken into custody and Hobbes is
arranging to send them back to the US
when the caravan is attacked by ZZ it
raises men Hobbes is about to be
captured but DOM and Brian come to his
rescue
sadly Vince dies in the fighting you
know Vince remember him the meathead
that got into a fight with Brian in the
first movie don't worry they made up
eventually
Dom's crew is about to give up on the
whole plan they tripled the detail at
the police station it's gonna be a wall
of gunfire
but Hobbs and Elena show up and agree to
help them partly for revenge but hey
also partly to help set up these sequels
I'll ride with you Toretto
they give up on any kind of delicate
ocean's 11 style perfect crime an order
of a brute-force attack Hobbs drives an
armored Jeep into the police station
where Brian and Dhamma is safe - two
cars and speed off I mean yes a lot of
Rio is destroyed in the ensuing chase
with crooked cops controlled by Reyes
but this is important I mean we're
talking revenge here okay and the end
Dom takes out most
the cob cars with the safe before
smashing into raises vehicle brian
shoots ZZ and hobbs make sure that Reyes
is definitely dead
he then graciously agrees to give Brian
DOM and their team a full day to get
away before he starts chasing them again
the way I see it you burn yourself 24
hours money stays oh it's just a nice
gesture
I mean what's one more intense global
manhunt costing US taxpayers hundreds of
millions of dollars between friends in
the end it's revealed that the heroes
took advantage of the chaos to swap
safes so they got away with the money
after all
DOM leaves some for Vince's widow Rosa
and her son Nico tej buys his dream
garage that's definitely not as nice as
the garage we already saw him owned in
an earlier movie Gisele and Han drive
off into the sunset I thought you wanted
to go to Tokyo we get there eventually
it's like he's doing this to taught me
specifically Dom ends up with Elena and
Brian walks romantically on the beach
with a very pregnant Mia and in a
post-credits scene agent Monica Fuentes
makes a shocking revelation to Luke
Hobbs you need to look at that Letty
Ortiz is alive the opening credits of
the six movie actually provide their own
little series recap hey come on
don't steal our bit we don't wear shirts
three sizes too small and drink Coronas
and our videos anyway is this entry
opens agent Hobbs is hot on the trail of
an ex-military turned thief named Owen
Shaw and before you jump ahead this is
not Hobbes's Shaw it's his brother you
ran the UK's mobility division in Kabul
and Basra
anyway Shaw is putting together a very
dangerous device called a nightshade a
tech bomb designed to block an entire
military communication grid for 24 hours
that's Hobbes's new partner Hicks with
that very important information that's
not just the latest in a series of
MacGuffins yours half as good as you are
on paper
we're gonna get along just fine even
though the previous movie set him and
his team up is the world's most elite
crew of badasses Hobbes is convinced
that he needs help to catch Shaw you
just don't pick up Owen Shaw like he's
groceries want to catch wolves you need
wolves so he tracks down ace DVD thief
Dominic Toretto who's enjoying early
retirement with Elena the Brazilian cop
in Spain wasn't that hard to find you
Toretto Dom wants nothing to do with the
caper until Hobbes shows him the photo
of Letty who apparently is now running
with Shaw's crew what's going on
Dom resembles his team from the last
movie including new dad Brian Roman tej
han and Gisele at first they think
they've got the drop on Shaw at his
hideout but it's just a distraction so
that he can sneak into Interpol HQ and
steal information it seems Shaw's got
his own elite crew so now we're having a
bit of an elite crew off which I have to
say not a terrible subtitle for a future
Fast and Furious sequel it's like we're
hunting our evil twins during the
ensuing chase Tom spots Letty but when
he catches up to her she doesn't
remember him and when you don't
recognize someone always shoot them
that's just basic survival 101 that's
the guy I shot I don't remember him
after that they're a bunch of scenes
where our heroes get more information
about Shaw and his plans using a diverse
array of creative tactics jeez
at least they only publicly humiliate
this guy one of Shaw's guys reveals that
he's been secretly working with Arturo
Braga remember him the LA drug kingpin
Brian was sent after and fast and
furious and everything Brian feels
guilty about having sent Letty
undercover and BRABUS organization so he
returns to the US and enters federal
prison to find out what really happened
to her he's actually not that helpful
I'm really not sure this trip was worth
it man once brian is back the team
tracked Shaw to Spain the location of a
computer chip that's the last ingredient
he needs for his big evil whatever bingo
it's a NATO base in Spain Shaw and his
team attacked the NATO military convoy
carrying the chip using a tank to make
their big getaway he reveals he's kind
of a huge psycho giving Letty some major
second thoughts but she's fully
convinced to switch sides once
superheroic Lee saves her life I mean
come on Lady
he totally violated the laws of physics
for you and after you shot him it looks
like our heroes have totally saved the
day but no Shaw reveals that his men
have kidnapped Mia a music old man
forcing DOM and Hobbs to let him go but
this changes nothing
it changes everything
also Reilly reveals that she was totally
on shahs team the whole time I bet you
didn't see that coming and not because
it doesn't matter at all and she's about
to die anyway wrong team [ __ ] Shaw has
arranged for a plane to pick him up back
at the NATO base but DOM and his crew
managed to weigh it down with their cars
there's a ton of fighting both on and
off the plane but it's fine because this
is apparently one of the world's longest
runways tragically in an effort to save
Hans life and clear her schedule for
possible future DC EU projects Gisele
dies in the skirmish Shaw's thrown from
the plane and Dom is nearly killed when
it explodes but he's okay in the end
everyone's pardons come through and they
return to Los Angeles you're all free
Elena takes the high road and clears the
way for DOM and Letty to be together
this is your family it's who you are and
they devastated Han yes finally decides
to go to Tokyo something I got to do the
fast and furious Tokyo Drift
takes place here in the fast and furious
time line even though it was released
several years before the fourth fifth
and six movies but I'm sure they
meticulously planned ahead and guessed
accurately at how technology would
develop in the intervening years
everybody needs a cell phone yo oh good
day meet Sean Boswell a teen with an
Alabama accent so thick Leonard Skynyrd
wrote a song about it at school Sean
gets in trouble after innocently
flirting with the jocks girlfriend it's
not the rat mr. rotter and gets
challenged to a race winner
gets me seems extreme you didn't even
make fun of the fact that that's one of
the kids from home-improvement basically
Shawn gets in one little crash and his
mom has a plan she says you're moving
with your deadbeat father in Japan come
on in
Shawn befriends a streetwise hustler
named Twinkie who so far is the only
character in this franchise to realize
that he's in a movie
guys I think bow-wow can see us Shawn
also falls for his classmate Neela yeah
click Elena but runs afoul of her Yakuza
connected boyfriend Takashi understand
that guys II when Takashi also known as
the drift King
challenges Shawn to a race who should
step up and loan him a car but our old
pal Han easy to sound cocky when you got
no ride I moved to Tokyo after all and
apparently got deep back into crime good
for him
I don't know I guess we all heal
differently forgave me my mind getting
to pickup and delivery business now
Shawn who displays a frankly humiliating
inability to drift his car during the
race drew what do you mean dream suffers
a disgraceful defeat and totals Hans
ride but the experience brings them
closer together and they become friends
who you choose to be around you but you
know who you are
Han Eva teaches Shawn how to drift
restrictors event and drifting out here
in the mountains by feeling
[Music]
but things take a dark turn when Takashi
and his even more Yakuza connected uncle
Sonny Chiba discover Han has been hiding
money from them he beside deals for me
this leads to a daring and also kind of
familiar nighttime chase through the
streets of Tokyo which ends with Hans
car being t-boned by a Mercedes and
exploded and it's here that we have to
rewind / fast-forward to the
post-credits scene from Fast & Furious 6
which reveals that Han is killed by new
villain Deckard Shaw played by Jason
Statham brother of Owen Shaw and out for
revenge after Han's death Shonda Takashi
have one final race to determine who has
to leave town seriously that's what
happens that's the big climax we race
and the loser leaves town for dueling so
sean has declared Tokyo's new drift King
but right away he has a mysterious
out-of-town challenger setting luhan
sinha was family that's right it's dumb
really good and I know this seems a bit
disorienting timeline wise but don't
worry because it'll all get worked out
in Furious 7 which starts off with
Deckard Shaw the older brother of Owen
Shaw who's even more of an elite
ex-military badass now little brother
Deckard Shaw is now on a single-minded
mission to kill DOM and his extended
family as vengeance for nearly killing
his little brother and also I guess
foiling his brother's evil plan he's not
too happy about that either you got
nothing
he was able to blow up Tom's house and
track down Han and Tokyo by breaking
into Hobbes's office and stealing his
files in an historic Keystone meeting in
cinema history you just earned yourself
a dance with a double boy
Hobson Shaw fight and let's be honest
they both do pretty good but in the
process of saving Elena from an
explosive thrown by Shaw Hobbs gets
banged up pretty bad
plus he's suffering from a severe case
of can't be in the same room with Vin
Diesel itis oh that's right this movie
reveals that Hobbs has a daughter we
didn't know about there she is Samantha
Hobbs
anyway her father Luke Hobbs is gonna
sit this one out when you find that
sumbitch just do me one favor what's
that
don't miss but Dom heads to Tokyo to
look deeper into Hans death and bring
his body back to the u.s. he meets up
with Hans new pal Shawn Boswell and a
scene that we saw play out in Tokyo
Drift and they swap Hans stories I
mentioned he lifts his enemies in his
rearview he never talked about it much
Shawn also gives Dom back his Silver
Cross which Deckard Shaw dropped at the
crash site when you finally got it
killed huh what are you going to I'm
gonna invite him to join my crew okay my
family in the next sequel back in LA
they have a funeral for Han but Dom
spots a suspicious looking car and
chases after it of course it's Deckard
Shaw
you know what Shaw he's the default Shaw
now Owen Shaw is in a coma this movie
I'm tired of saying Deckard it's just
Shaw the chase ends in a game of chicken
but these guys don't know how to play
apparently and just crash into each
other
before Shaw can kill Dom a whole SWAT
team of guys swoops in and starts
shooting they're working for a covert
government operative who goes by the
code name captain Ron Knight it's mr.
nobody sorry mr. nobody there's a war
going on between shadows and ghosts like
me there's a whole running thing about
how much he enjoys Belgian ale so I'm
just gonna drop that here maybe it comes
up again and you want to feel informed
that's what the show is about Belgian
ale oh right
anyway mr. nobody has an elaborate
proposal for Dom he wants the team to
rescue a hacker named Ramsey from a
mercenary named Joe Conde as with all of
Jomon own soos characters in big-budget
studio movies it's a very nuanced
three-dimensional take on a villain
there goes the girl you learn to pull
off the rescue they have to skydive in
their cars so car dive I guess on to a
secluded Road and Azerbaijan's beautiful
Caucasus Mountains Brian also has to
fight Tony Jaa and jump off a bus that's
teetering off a cliff on the back of a
car that is intense but it works and
they save Ramsey ex-cop tech I alpha
missus alpha Joker wrong mr. nobody
wanted her because of her invention an
incredibly powerful piece of
surveillance technology called the gods
I say hello to God's eyes Ramsey tells
DOM and the team that her friend has it
waiting for her in Abu Dhabi we're going
to the Middle East he actually sounds
excited it's nice to take pleasure in
your work
unfortunately Ramsey's contact and the
Emirates safar has sold the gods eye
chip to a trust fund billionaire /
Prince like you do thus fun via net
anyone in the use it super Todd he has
put it into his 2014 lykan Hypersport
supercar which DOM and Brian have to
steal by driving it through a party and
several skyscrapers
[Music]
is it worth mentioning that Ronda Rousey
and t-pain are at the party these
parties bore me to death or that Iggy
Azalea was at ray Suarez in the scene we
skipped right over and one of the other
movies let us know what you think in the
comments below
anyway they do manage to get the gods
eye chip before the car gets smashed but
it sort of gets traded back and forth
for a while I got a lot of friends it
all wraps up with an epic battle on the
streets of downtown LA with chicon day
tracking everyone using the gods eye and
a helicopter and trying to murder them
with a Predator drone while everyone
else moves Ramsey around from car to car
so that she can take control the gods I
remotely Hobbs returns to action just in
time and single-handedly takes out the
drone well okay the ambulance helps
because James Wan directed this and
enough is never enough Bryan has to
fight Tony Jaa again while Dom has a
slow most street fight with Shaw in a
parking garage
[Music]
Tom wins eventually the wizard Shazam
gets blown up along with the entire
parking garage and Bryan and Hobbes
pulled Dom from the rubble but he's
unconscious Letty brings him background
by revealing that she's gotten all of
her memories back
we even see our first flashbacks to
their wedding in the Dominican Republic
and yes I know that this is featured in
the 2009 short film los bandoleros
directed by Vin Diesel but it's not in
any of the movies so it's the first time
that you've seen it if you've only
watched the movies it's also where we
see the true significance of that silver
cross they keep knocking around it's the
one DOM and Letty used instead of a
wedding ring so there you go
anyway Dom's fine as is Shaw who we see
get locked up in some kind of Super Max
prison situation by Hobbs he's right it
definitely will not and of course it's
time to say goodbye to Brian O'Conner
and actor Paul Walker who was killed in
a car accident their production of this
movie on November 30th 2013 the film
ends with a touching tribute in which
the entire family watches Brian play
with his son Jack and wife Mia on the
beach it's never goodbye and then Brian
and Dom take one last drive together
before going their separate ways you
could leave without saying goodbye we
would play you The Wiz Khalifa song
right now if we could afford it I
promise
rest in peace Paul Walker as the most
recent film begins DOM and Letty are
enjoying a much deserved honeymoon in
Havana Cuba where of course Dom
immediately inserts himself into the
local street racing scene Dom stops to
help a woman on the street neither hand
yeah I think I do only to discover that
she's the International cyber terrorist
known as cypher I've got a lot of work
today she shows Don something to
convince him to turn against his own
crew they're gonna betray your brother's
abandon your color shatter your family
the movie won't tell you what it is yet
but I'm going to because this is cram it
and we hate suspense Dom doesn't know it
but his ex-girlfriend
Elena has given birth to his first and
only Son and now cypher has kidnapped
them both soon after receiving this
bombshell information Dom gets a call
from Hobbs I got a job in Berlin and I
need a favor brother and we're off to
Germany DOM and his usual team including
Ramsey the hacker from Furious 7
successfully take control of an EMP
that's one of those devices that cuts
off all the electricity an entire area
that you probably recall from almost any
other spy or heist movie after tez uses
a wrecking ball to clear the path Dom
goes rogue knocking Hobbs off the road
and taking the EMP to Sothis Dom escapes
on deciphers hi-tech private jet which
he also uses as her hideout slash Bond
villain lair the US government disavows
knowledge of the entire operation so
Hobbs takes the fall for stealing the
EMP and goes to prison coincidentally
the same prison as his old nemesis
Deckard Shaw and you know what happens
when these two get together catchphrases
oh I will beat your ass like a Cherokee
drum mr. nobody and his new assistant
who I'll call little nobody help Hobbs
and Shaw escape and this pretty much
brings us up to speed for the next movie
can we just stop right here
No okay anyway the whole team is
reunited and learns more about what
they're up against they're joined by
Deckard Shaw who reveals that cypher was
also behind his brother
Owens operation in Fast & Furious 6
cipher came to me first wanted me to
steal nightshade boy when I said no she
went off to my brother Deckard Shaw now
blames cypher for what happened to his
brother not Dom's so I guess all their
differences are resolved then we are not
teaming up with these guys let's get one
thing for the team yeah okay we'll work
on it
the team is gonna use the gods eye to
find cipher and Dom but before they can
even finish cipher and Dom break into
the secret headquarters and take the
God's eye for themselves cipher kisses
Dom on our way out of the room
just to rub it in Letty's face that's
cold the two of them are off to New York
were cypher plans to steal some nuclear
launch codes from some visiting Russian
dignitaries Dom fakes engine trouble
engines misfiring I gotta check it up in
order to sneak away and covertly meet
with Owen and Deckard Shaw's mother
Magdalene
I believe Dame Helen Mirren is the first
Dame to appear in one of these movies
unless Iggy Azalea is a dame can I get a
fact check on that and I want you I
think you're about to suggest something
really dodgy you mr. Toretto again the
movie holds what they discuss back but I
believe in being straight with you guys
so I'm just gonna tell you they plan an
elaborate strategy in which Deckard Shaw
will fake his own death with the help of
our old friends Rico Santos and tego Leo
who could forget those lovable
characters then Deckard will sneak on
board ciphers private jet along with his
now recovered brother Owen Sam Wilson
style okay let's get back to New York
ciphers plan involves remotely hacking
into thousands of cars and directing
them toward the defense minister DOM
disguised as Jason X then forces his way
into the car and steals the briefcase
containing the launch codes
Hobbs Shaw and the rest almost managed
to stop Dom using harpoon guns but he
gets away on foot this is when they fake
Shaw's death but then Letty takes off
with the case which was not part of the
plan
Dom refuses to shoot her you love me and
you are not gonna shoot me
but then ciphers partner tormund
Giantsbane grabs the briefcase from her
anyway as punishment for Dom's insolent
cipher orders torment to execute Elena
and that's really more of a season three
torment move not season eight cypher
also explains her big plan to DOM which
makes sense the second I fire off one of
those nukes I put the superpowers of
this world on notice also there's
something about crocodiles I am
the nukes in question are on a submarine
at a military base being held by Russian
separatists don uses an EMP blast to get
onto the base and another to put the
submarine under ciphers control the crew
tries a bunch of strategies to stop the
sub including throwing people into
propellers nasty pretending to read
Russian and driving bulldozers through
walls but ultimately it's mr. nobody Jr
who removes the all-important chip
disarming the nuke cipher tries to hide
the sub in the open ocean while shiri
groups take his team out I'm on it but
the crew gives chase cuz you know that's
sort of their thing they will chase you
it's around this time that the shah's
arrive on cyphers plane take control of
the cockpit and save untitled toretto
baby 2017 Dom now freed of any need to
serve cypher rejoins his family cypher
fires a heat-seeking missile Adams so he
does what all the experts agree you
should do in that situation and uses a
crack in the ice to jump his car over
the sub thus blowing it up along with
the missile and he's fine
cipher gets away to probably join the
team and a future sequel hobson Schad
develop a begrudging respect that you've
got a figure will pay off at some point
han is dead and Deckard killed him
anyway
even though Hobbes receives a total
pardon and an invitation to rejoin
government service he opts for
retirement figure it's time for a little
break back in LA Dom introduces his new
son to the rest of his family everyone
meet Brian oh you know there's a lot to
make fun of in these movies but you
gotta admit they got some real hearts
and that's it that's our fast and
furious cram it on the Fast & Furious
series did you really need to know all
this to go into Hobson Shaw probably not
but I hope you enjoyed watching it
anyway we'll see you next time
and just remember family